Concrete Compressive Strength Prediction App

Overview
This web-based application predicts the compressive strength of concrete based on various input parameters. 
The app is built using Streamlit and leverages a multiple regression model to provide accurate predictions.

Features
Interactive user interface for inputting concrete mixture parameters.
Real-time prediction of concrete compressive strength.
Easy-to-use sliders for adjusting input values.
Display of user input parameters and predicted compressive strength.

Installation
To run this app locally, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:

git clone https://github.com/WUatUTC/ConcreteStrengthPredictor.git
cd ConcreteStrengthPredictor

Install the Required Packages: 
Ensure you have Python installed, then run:
pip install -r requirements.txt

Usage
To run the app, use the following command:

streamlit run Concrete_strength_predictor.py

User Input Parameters
The app allows you to input the following parameters:

Cement (component 1) (kg in a m^3 mixture)
Blast Furnace Slag (component 2) (kg in a m^3 mixture)
Fly Ash (component 3) (kg in a m^3 mixture)
Water (component 4) (kg in a m^3 mixture)
Superplasticizer (component 5) (kg in a m^3 mixture)
Coarse Aggregate (component 6) (kg in a m^3 mixture)
Fine Aggregate (component 7) (kg in a m^3 mixture)
Age (day)

Prediction
The app uses a multiple regression model to predict the compressive strength of concrete based on the input parameters. 
The predicted compressive strength is displayed in megapascals (MPa). 
A machine learning model based concrete strength predicgtor will be available soon...

Deployment
To deploy this app online using Streamlit Community Cloud, follow these steps:

Create a GitHub Repository:

Create a new repository on GitHub and push your Streamlit app code to this repository.
Sign Up for Streamlit Community Cloud:

Go to Streamlit Community Cloud and sign up or log in with your GitHub account.

Deploy Your App:
Click on "New app" and select the GitHub repository where your app is stored.
Choose the branch and the main file (e.g., Concrete_strength_predictor.py).
Click "Deploy".
Configure App Settings (Optional):

You can configure environment variables, secrets, and other settings as needed.
Share Your App:

Once deployed, your app will have a unique URL that you can share with others.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

Acknowledgments
This app was developed using Streamlit, an open-source app framework.
The dataset used for training the model was obtained through UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/. The direct download address of the data file: 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/concrete/compressive/Concrete_Data.xls
